# Module11-Challenge
## Webscraping Mars

For this challenge, we were given two jupyter notebooks with two different websites to scrape and collect data from. The first website was new articles about Mars. I started with my imports and then created my browser connection and visited the url. I had another tab open with the website and developer tools. I also created a Beautiful Soup object and a parser. The goal of the first notebook was the scrape the title and preview text of each article on the page. I worked through all the developer tool code and found the correct words to tag what I wanted. I only needed text and not the text with all the tags, so I used a loop and get_text(). I looped through all the text elements and created a dictionary in a list. I made an empty list and then did a loop with the title specific tags and the preview specific tags. I put those in dictionaries and appended them to the empty list and printed out the results. It looked a bit cluttered, but the content was correct. Finally, I created a kernel to close the browser when I was done. 

The second juptyer notebook was to analyze a table of Mars weather. I did the dependencies, browser link, visited the website and made a Beautiful Soup object. I looked in the developer tools code to find the correct tags for the information I wanted. Each row of data of needed, so I used 'tr' or table row. I stored the data in a similar way as the first one. I used an empty list, looped through it and appended it to the empty list. I wanted the list to become a DataFrame, so I could analyze my new data. I made the DataFrame and analyzed the data types. I changed some of the types with the astype() function and to_datetime() function. I answered the questions posed in the challenge. I found how many months there were, how many Martian days of data there were. I found the average temperature by month and graphed it and then graphed it from coldest to hottest. The hottest month is still below 0 C. I found the average pressure by month and graphed that as well. I graphed the minimum temperature in earth days over a Martian year. I wrote a csv file for the data to go into my laptop and closed the browser. 
